docs/API/gettingStarted.mdx, before:

---
id: gettingStarted
title: Getting Started
sidebar_label: Getting Started
slug: /api/getting-started
---

RoManager provides a REST API that allow you to perform Roblox site actions via RoManager.

import {
	DiscordMessages,
	DiscordMessage,
	DiscordMention,
} from "@skyra/discord-components-react";

Base URL: `https://api.romanager.bot/v1`

## Generating an API key

To generate an API key, run the `/api-key generate` command. You must be the group owner to run this command. A DM will be sent to you with the API key.

<DiscordMessages>
	<DiscordMessage
		author="RoManager"
		verified={true}
		bot={true}
		avatar="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/738035113815834746/9c943bdaadc550fc4d7af38c6d2bc8ba.png"
	>
		API key successfully generated:
		<br />
		<code class="discord-codeblock">7885a186-86c6-48c9-8f89-82ad646e8e98</code>
	</DiscordMessage>
</DiscordMessages>

## Using the API

All API methods are below, in the other categories. The API expects JSON data in the request body.

### Ratelimit

The ratelimit is 60 requests per 60 seconds. For example, you can send 60 requests in 5 seconds, however you will not be able to send any more requests for 55 seconds.

The following headers will be set so you know when you should retry your request:

| Header                  | Description                                                                                 |
| :---------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `Retry-After`           | time (in seconds) to wait until the next request can be sent, only present when ratelimited |
| `X-RateLimit-Limit`     | request limit per minute                                                                    |
| `X-RateLimit-Remaining` | number of requests left for the time window                                                 |
| `X-RateLimit-Reset`     | amount of miliseconds before the requests left in the time window resets                    |

Commit message:

add note that the discord roles endpoints are not ratelimited

docs/API/gettingStarted.mdx, after:

---
id: gettingStarted
title: Getting Started
sidebar_label: Getting Started
slug: /api/getting-started
---

RoManager provides a REST API that allow you to perform Roblox site actions via RoManager.

import {
	DiscordMessages,
	DiscordMessage,
	DiscordMention,
} from "@skyra/discord-components-react";

Base URL: `https://api.romanager.bot/v1`

## Generating an API key

To generate an API key, run the `/api-key generate` command. You must be the group owner to run this command. A DM will be sent to you with the API key.

<DiscordMessages>
	<DiscordMessage
		author="RoManager"
		verified={true}
		bot={true}
		avatar="https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/738035113815834746/9c943bdaadc550fc4d7af38c6d2bc8ba.png"
	>
		API key successfully generated:
		<br />
		<code class="discord-codeblock">7885a186-86c6-48c9-8f89-82ad646e8e98</code>
	</DiscordMessage>
</DiscordMessages>

## Using the API

All API methods are below, in the other categories. The API expects JSON data in the request body.

### Ratelimit

The ratelimit is 60 requests per 60 seconds. For example, you can send 60 requests in 5 seconds, however you will not be able to send any more requests for 55 seconds.

Note: the ratelimit does not apply to the Discord roles endpoint.

The following headers will be set so you know when you should retry your request:

| Header                  | Description                                                                                 |
| :---------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `Retry-After`           | time (in seconds) to wait until the next request can be sent, only present when ratelimited |
| `X-RateLimit-Limit`     | request limit per minute                                                                    |
| `X-RateLimit-Remaining` | number of requests left for the time window                                                 |
| `X-RateLimit-Reset`     | amount of miliseconds before the requests left in the time window resets                    |
